# EC463 Session 1 Logbook
## John Kircher, U61489057, kircherj@bu.edu
Copyright Year 2021 John Kircher

## September

### 9/19/2021 Sunday Week3

- Senior Design teams are assigned via email and blackboard announcement.
- Assigned to the VETCON BADGE Project, client: Michael Jones, jonesmlr@gmail.com
- Responded to introduction email from Derek and organized a team group chat via SMS messaging. 

### 9/21/2021 Tuesday Week3

- Met with the team outside the lecture hall before class to discuss some logistics about the project and potential ideas for projcet management (i.e, slack, trello, teams, etc.)
- Group Photos completed at the end of class. 

### 9/22/2021 Wednesday Week3

- Our team decided to use Slack to conduct work for the semester as well as Trello for project planning. 
- I added all my courses to a team Google Calendar so it makes it easier to schedule meetings
- Added important documents to the Slack channel and pinned them including:
    - Course grading and class schedule 
    - The VETCON BADGE project description
    - Contact Information, client and team

### 9/23/2021 Thursday Week3

- Added a well defined list of question to the Trello site for the client meeting that was planned for Friday, 9/24/2021.
    - Questions Added:

    - 1) What is the end/goal for the semester, besides the multiple in-progress reviews (IPR's). i.e: a prototype, models, etc.
    - 2) What is a good schedule/system for the IPR's. Are there certain days that work for your team or how/when should we meet. Zoom? In Person?
    - 3) What items will be supplied by you/ who is paying for computer equipment and devices to create a working badge? I understand each badges needs to cost less than $50 but the items supplied does not list anything? Do we have free range on what to implement?
    - 4) Could you explain specific requirements for the branding/ logo and colors on the badge? What font and text would you like and approximately where should it be on the badge and how much space is it taking up?

- Derek and Ryan are running and recording meeting for client as Julian, myself, and Carlos could not attend the proposed time.

### 9/26/2021 Sunday Week4

- Rewatched the entire client meeting video and reviewed the notes and documents that Derek and Ryan collected. (notes folder)
- Reached out team members and scheduled a meeting time to talk about next steps and the PDRR for class on Tuesday, 9/28/2021

### 9/28/2021 Tuesday Week4

- Had a PDRR tag-up meeting in the senior design lab discussing potential processors and how we can implement an OS for our badge. 
- We also decided that I would be the team-lead for the first session and the speaker for the presentation on Thursdsday. 
- Finally, set goals to have a presentation and PDRR rough draft completed before Tuesday 10/5/2021.
